I'll show them what the gap is
Hahahahaha Ye Tianse
Do you know what you're saying?
Don't use your shallow and ignorant knowledge
To judge my influence in the world
Global influence
You can influence big country elections.
Is it the Wall Street financial crisis?
You can only affect my happiness with you
One by one good again
You are great, you can blow
Hahaha
It's just a pity that you can't enter this banquet hall
If I gave you a cow
I'm afraid you'll blow him up.
I'll give you a chance today.
Come on, let the night market group implement financial statements
To the big screen.
Not Ye Shao
Do you really believe this kid's nonsense?
Someone is showing off
Why don't you give him a chance to act tough?
Hey boy, don't say 5 minutes
I'll give you five years
You can't do it in 50 years.
Ye Tianci, let me tell you
I despised you before
You can't compare to me now
Just you as a cleaner
You just cleaned it up, your whole family cleaned it up
How is that possible?
It went up.